>> Todd: PRESIDENT TRUMP
F
FOLLOWING THROUGH ON ANOTHER
CAMPAIGN PROMISE, PROMISING TO
FWLD BUILD AN IRON DOME IN THE
U.S.
>> President Trump: TO BEGIN
CONSTRUCTION OF STATE OF THE ART
IRON DOME DEFENSE MISSILE TO
PROTECT AMERICANS.
YOU SEE THAT WITH ISRAEL, OUT OF
319 ROCKETS, THEY KNOCKED DOWN
JUST ABOUT EVERY ONE OF THEM.
EVERYTHING WOULD BE MADE HERE IN
THE U.S.A.
>> Todd: JEREMY HUNT, FORMER
ARMY INTEL CAPTAIN, JOINS US
NOW.
THIS IS NOT A NEW IDEA.
RONALD REAGAN PROPOSED THIS FOUR
DECADES AGO.
YOU WERE NOT EVEN A GLEAN IN
YOUR PARENT'S EYE.
WHY DID IT TAKE DONALD TRUMP IN
HIS FIRST WEEK TO MAKE THIS A
REALITY?
>> WELL, I THINK IT IS
REFRESHING TO HAVE A PRESIDENT
THAT PRIORITIZES AMERICAN
NATIONAL SECURITY.
HE'S SPOT ON WITH THIS EXECUTIVE
ORDER.
THE THREAT IS HIGH.
I
INTEL AGENCIES EVEN UNDER JOE
BIDEN HAVE BEEN SOUNDING THE
ALARM WE'RE AT SIGNIFICANT
THREAT LEVEL IN THE UNITED
STATES.
WE SAW HOW CHINESE SURVEILLANCE
F
FLEW THROUGH AMERICAN AIR SPACE
WITHOUT BEING DETERRED AT ALL.
AMERICANS ARE WONDERING IF WE'RE
TRULY SAFE.
NOT JUST IN AIR SPACE, CCP IS
BUYING FARM LAND NEXT TO OUR
MILITARY BASES AND TRYING TO
CONTROL OUR FOOD SUPPLY LINES,
PROTECTION OF PRODUCTS FARMERS
DEPEND ON, IS AT RISK.
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS RIGHT TO
THINK OUTSIDE THE BOX AND CAN
MAKE SURE AMERICANS AT HOME ARE
SAFE.
>> Todd: ISRAEL'S SYSTEM
TARGETING SHORT-RANGE THREATS
AND ISRAEL IS SIZE OF NEW
JERSEY, NOT AS MUCH SPACE TO OF
COER AS UNITED STATES OF
AMERICA.
WE NEED TO PROTECT ENEMIES LIKE
NORTH KOREA AND CHINA AND COVER
ALL 50 STATES.
EXPLAIN HOW THAT WOULD WORK?
>> I THINK FIRST AND FOREMOST,
WE HAVE DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE
THAT HAS TO BE FIRED BACK UP.
WE HAVE TO MAKE PRODUCTS HERE IN
THE UNITED STATES THAT FOCUS ON
PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH,
DETERRING OUR ADVERSARIES.
WE DO THAT BY BUILDING TYPE OF
PROTECTION SYSTEM THAT DETER THE
THREAT AND MAKE SURE OUR ENEMIES
KNOW WE'RE NOT PLAYING AROUND
AND WE'RE ABLE TO RESPOND.
TYPE OF LONG-RANGE WEAPONS,
EXECUTIVE ORDER, THINGS WILL GET
FLESHED OUT, I THINK WE'RE ON
THE RIGHT TRACK TO PRIORITIZE
AMERICAN NATIONAL SECURITY.
>> Todd: WE HOPE TO NEVER HAVE
TO USE THIS, IT IS PEACE THROUGH
STRENGTH, IT WOULD DECREASE
CHANCE SOMEBODY TESTS US.
PRESIDENT SIGNING EXECUTIVE
ORDER TO PAY SERVICE MEMBERS
DISCHARGED FOR NOT GETTING THE
COVID VACCINE.
HERE IS NEW DEFENSE SECRETARY
PETE HEGSETH, LISTEN.
>> THERE ARE MORE EXECUTIVE
ORDERS COMING THAT WE FULLY
SUPPORT ON REMOVING DEI INSIDE
THE PENTAGON, REINSTATING TROOPS
PUSHED OUT BECAUSE OF COVID
MANDATES, IRON DOME FOR AMERICA.
OUR JOB IS READINESS AND
FIGHTING WOOSHGSY WILL HOLD
PEOPLE ACCOUNTABLE.
>> Todd: WHAT WILL EXECUTIVE
ORDERS DO IN TERMS OF INCREASING
RECRUITMENT AND OUR LETHALITY
FOR THOSE THAT NEED TO DEFEND
OUR HOMELAND?
>> LOOK, EVERY YOUNG PERSON WHO
IS CONSIDERING JOINING THE
MILITARY, THEY WANT TO JOIN
BECAUSE THEY WANT TO KILL BAD
GUYS, LET'S BE REAL.
WE HAVE MILITARY THAT RETURNS TO
LETHALITY, YOU HAVE YOUNG PEOPLE
SAY, I FEEL LIKE THIS IS
SOMETHING I WANT TO BE A PART
OF.
I DON'T WANT TO GO TO 11-WEEK
DEI TRAINING PROGRAMS AND HAVE
TO SIT THROUGH ALL THIS
AWARENESS OF DEI PROGRAM
TRAINING ALL DAY.
THEY WANT TO BE IN PLACE WHERE
THEY ARE LEARNING THEIR SKILL
SET AND LEARNING TO INCREASE
LETHALITY ON THE BATTLEFIELD.
IT IS AMAZING HOW MANY
INTERVIEWS I'VE DONE WITH
SECRETARY HEGSETH AND NOW HE'S
IN A POSITION TO GET IT DONE.
IT IS AN EXCITING TIME AND WE
EXPECT TO SEE NUMBERS RISE,